Provide multi-archictecture docker image (in particular including M1/M2 Macs) (#13)
fangohr/octopus-in-docker: README.rst

You are then the root user in the container. Octopus was compiled in ``/opt/octopus*``. There are also some trivial examples in ``/opt/octopus-examples``.

Information for developers: available architectures
---------------------------------------------------

The DockerHub images are available for x86 (AMD64) and M1/M2 (ARM64)
architectures. Docker will download the correct one automatically. (You can use

> ``docker inspect octimate | grep Arch`` to check the architecture
> for which you have the image ``octimage`` available on your machine,

Reviewer: You could explicitly mention the publically available docker image name to avoid confusion,

```suggestion
``docker inspect fangohr/octopus | grep Arch`` to check the architecture
for which you have the image available on your machine,
```

Reviewer: optional. I would merge the MR even without this change.
